### CIS 573 Project

Project setup guide can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ERV79t_5kH_c4x5rCqEHbUp5VATvQM1lBiFNzqSf0wA/edit).

Project Phase 0 Writeup can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17hkYnv1S82FEYruonaooUfmTm8qw4XGIjdKNCce_4to/edit).

#### Changes made:
* Task 1.3: We modify the class UserInterface for this task. Since we want to show the percentage of total donations to the fund target, we first add a parameter of type Long: "sum" to represent the sum of the total donations. Upon login, this field should be calculated by the list of donations (`donationList` in the method `attemptLogin` of  `DataManager`) from database. We use another parameter of type float: "percentage" to represent the sum/target. At last, we use System.out.println to show this value as the task description. 
* Task 1.5: For this task to be complete, we added a new field `totalAmountOfDonations` of type `long` to the class `Contributor` in order to keep track of the current sum of donations of a contributor. Upon login, this field should be estimated using the list of donations (`donationList` in the method `attemptLogin` of  `DataManager`) from database. The field is displayed as an additional element to `ListView`. Also, after the contributor has made a new donation, the code updates `totalAmountOfDonations` adding the new donation amount to the current sum from the `Contributor` instance. 
* Task 1.8: In Contributor's app, the project utilizes Android's built-in class called `SimpleDateFormat` to parse the original format and to convert it into human-readable format. In detail, a new class called `DateParser` is created in the Contributor app in order to handle the conversion. The class has two new parameters, `oldDateFormat` (the date format originallly used in this project: `yyyy-MM-dd T HH:mm:ss Z`) and `newDateFormat` (the format is `MM/dd/yyyy`). And the class has a method `convertDateToNewFormat` that parses the date time in original format and converts to the new date format. The method throws `ParseException` if the parameter passed is not in the old format.
